docs/UPDATE.md, before:

# Updating OpenCore and Patches

This guide explains how to get fully up to date application, bootloader and patches.

## Updating the application

Latest versions of OCLP can download updates by themselves, you will get notified of a new update with the changelog.

[You can also manually download the latest release here.](https://github.com/dortania/OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher/releases)


<div align="left">
             <img src="./images/OCLP_Update_Available.png" alt="Update Avaialble" />
</div>


## Updating patches

After the update, the application asks if you want to update OpenCore and root patches. 

If you do not need to change any settings, you can click "Yes" and follow the procedure. If you want to change settings, select "No" from here and do your settings, then manually build and install OpenCore to update to the latest version of the bootloader.

Finally install new root patches to ensure you're running on the latest fixes for on-disk patches. 


<div align="left">
             <img src="./images/OCLP_Update_Successful.png" alt="Update Successful" />
</div>

## Checking OCLP and OpenCore versions

To check what version of OpenCore bootloader and the Patcher you're currently running, you can run the following in the terminal:

```bash
# OpenCore Version
nvram 4D1FDA02-38C7-4A6A-9CC6-4BCCA8B30102:opencore-version
# Patcher Version
nvram 4D1FDA02-38C7-4A6A-9CC6-4BCCA8B30102:OCLP-Version
```

<div align="left">
             <img src="./images/oclp-version.png" alt="OCLP version" width="600" />
</div>

From this, we can see that we're running a RELEASE version of OpenCore 0.9.0 built on January 1st, 2023 with Patcher Version 0.6.0!

Commit message:

Update UPDATE.md correct wrong info. about App. "asking" if you want to activate Root patching.
Using iMac 16.2; whenever an OTA update has been run and the device unattended for some hours; there has never been a 
prompt to patch or update.   Combined with the false info. on the front page of the "Official guide" viz: "Native OTA updates
Install updates the moment they come out, with native System Preferences support, just like a supported Mac" which clearly indicates that no patching is required and if/when this is followed by no prompt after the OTA update then some will commence lengthy troubleshooting or give up (I spent 4 hours before taking a wild guess that clicking on "Patching" might fix the device - and yes I hadn't digested the more detailed guidance further into the guide - although the FAQ on this could reasonably be interpreted to indicate that patching is automatic after an OTA update i.e. since there is no mention of it earlier nor in the FAQ - which only mentions it as an "after the fact" type of comment without stating what that "fact" was.

docs/UPDATE.md, after:

# Updating OpenCore and Patches

This guide explains how to get fully up to date application, bootloader and patches.

## Updating the application

Latest versions of OCLP can download updates by themselves, you will get notified of a new update with the changelog.

[You can also manually download the latest release here.](https://github.com/dortania/OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher/releases)


<div align="left">
             <img src="./images/OCLP_Update_Available.png" alt="Update Avaialble" />
</div>


## Updating patches

After the update, the application asks if you want to update OpenCore and root patches. This may not appear; this seems most likely where the update is left to run and isn't checked for some hours.

If you do not need to change any settings, you can click "Yes" and follow the procedure. If you want to change settings, select "No" from here and do your settings, then manually build and install OpenCore to update to the latest version of the bootloader.

Finally install new root patches to ensure you're running on the latest fixes for on-disk patches. 


<div align="left">
             <img src="./images/OCLP_Update_Successful.png" alt="Update Successful" />
</div>

## Checking OCLP and OpenCore versions

To check what version of OpenCore bootloader and the Patcher you're currently running, you can run the following in the terminal:

```bash
# OpenCore Version
nvram 4D1FDA02-38C7-4A6A-9CC6-4BCCA8B30102:opencore-version
# Patcher Version
nvram 4D1FDA02-38C7-4A6A-9CC6-4BCCA8B30102:OCLP-Version
```

<div align="left">
             <img src="./images/oclp-version.png" alt="OCLP version" width="600" />
</div>

From this, we can see that we're running a RELEASE version of OpenCore 0.9.0 built on January 1st, 2023 with Patcher Version 0.6.0!
